Okay,
guys.
Um,
welcome back.
Introduction to the number section.
Okay,
so now we get to the really interesting stuff.
I want to be clear with your front.
You will need to invest a little time.
Now if you're going to get the most out of this section,
the techniques are simply enough.
But you will need to do the work now and then you will have it for life,
but we're going to start over gently.
So there are several reasons that being able to memorize the number could be very useful.
Maybe you want to memorize your pin,
your national insurance number.
Someone's birthday.
Your anniversary?
Well,
the phone number of that really special guy or gal you just met as we learned earlier in
the course,
some numbers are instantly memorable.
Either to everyone switches double 07 or two.
Specifically,
perhaps I have some bad for our birthday.
For the rest,
we're gonna need a system.
As I said,
we'll start out simply by learning a couple of methods,
memorizing single digit numbers.
You may have come across these before,
perhaps even in junior school,
but they are incredibly useful,
and I still use them today.
then we'll progress to memorize in longer numbers,
incredibly long numbers.
If the mood takes you on,
I'll show you two systems.
The first is developed by a gentleman named Stanley slaves mink on one side in the 17th
century.
Boy that stood the test of time called the major system.
And then the newer system developed by a fellow Brit named Dominic O Brien a little more
recently called the Dominic System.
Okay,
so that's the introduction.
Let's crack on.